docs: clarify additionalLanguages with custom language definitions. (#8307)
facebook/docusaurus: website/docs/guides/markdown-features/markdown-features-code-blocks.mdx

You can refer to [Prism's official language definitions](https://github.com/PrismJS/prism/tree/master/components) when you are writing your own language definitions.

> When adding a custom language definition to Docusaurus you do not need to add the language to the `additionalLanguages` config array. Adding the language import in `prism-include-languages.js` is sufficient and adding custom languages to `additionalLanguages` will result in an error.

Reviewer: Minor editorial suggestion, feel free to take the part you like:

```suggestion
When adding a custom language definition, you do not need to add the language to the `additionalLanguages` config array, since Docusaurus only looks up the `additionalLanguages` strings in languages that Prism provides. Adding the language import in `prism-include-languages.js` is sufficient.
```
